README.md, before:

# Voxfield: non-Projective Signed Distance Fields for Online Planning and 3D Reconstruction

This repository implements Voxfield, an improved version of the volumetric mapping framework [**Voxblox**](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) on both the mapping accuracy and efficiency. 
It is based on the original [**Voxblox**](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) implementation, with the additional capacity of a non-projective TSDF integration and an efficient ESDF integration based on TSDF map.
Voxfield has also been integrated into a multi-resolution panoptic mapping framework [**Panmap**](https://github.com/VIS4ROB-lab/voxfield-panmap) for high-fidelity large-scale semantic reconstruction.

## Paper and Video (TBA)

## Installation
To install Voxfield, follow these [instructions](). 

## Instructions
- To run the non-projective TSDF mapping and ESDF mapping of Voxfield, use the executables: ```np_tsdf_server``` and ```voxfield_server```. 
- To run the original TSDF mapping and ESDF mapping of Voxblox, use the executables: ```tsdf_server``` and ```voxblox_server```. 
- To run the ESDF mapping of FIESTA, use the executables: ```fiesta_server```.
- To run the ESDF mapping of EDT, use the executables: ```voxedt_server```.

## Example Usage
### Run on the Cow & Lady dataset

### Run on the KITTI dataset

### Run on the MaiCity dataset

### Run on your own dataset

### Used for path planning

## Acknowledgments
We thanks greatly for the authors of the following opensource projects: 

- [Voxblox](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) (underlying data structure, mesh reconstruction, visualization, comparison baseline)
- [FIESTA](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/FIESTA) (comparison baseline)
- [VDB-EDT](https://github.com/zhudelong/VDB-EDT) (comparison baseline)

Commit message:

add maicity dataset config files

README.md, after:

# Voxfield: non-Projective Signed Distance Fields for Online Planning and 3D Reconstruction

This repository implements Voxfield, an improved version of the volumetric mapping framework [**Voxblox**](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) on both the mapping accuracy and efficiency. 
It is based on the original [**Voxblox**](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) implementation, with the additional capacity of a non-projective TSDF integration and an efficient ESDF integration based on TSDF map.

Voxfield has also been integrated into a multi-resolution panoptic mapping framework [**Panmap**](https://github.com/VIS4ROB-lab/voxfield-panmap) for high-fidelity large-scale semantic reconstruction.

## Paper and Video (TBA)

## Installation
If you have installed ROS, set up the catkin workspace and the SSH key for github, you can use the following commands to install Voxfield:
```
cd ~catkin_ws
git clone git@github.com:VIS4ROB-lab/voxfield.git
wstool init . ./voxfield/voxfield_ssh.rosinstall
wstool update
```
And then compile voxfield with:
```
cd ~/catkin_ws/src/
catkin build voxblox_ros
```
To avoid the potential conflict, if the original voxblox was installed, it's better to remove voxblox from `catkin_ws/src`.

For more details, please follow these [instructions](https://voxblox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pages/Installation.html).

## Instructions
- To run the non-projective TSDF mapping and ESDF mapping of Voxfield, use the executables: ```np_tsdf_server``` and ```voxfield_server```. 
- To run the original TSDF mapping and ESDF mapping of Voxblox, use the executables: ```tsdf_server``` and ```voxblox_server```. 
- To run the ESDF mapping of FIESTA, use the executables: ```fiesta_server```.
- To run the ESDF mapping of EDT, use the executables: ```voxedt_server```.

## Example Usage
### Run on the Cow & Lady real-world RGB-D dataset
1. Download the dataset [here](https://projects.asl.ethz.ch/datasets/doku.php?id=iros2017) or use the following command in a target folder:
```
wget http://robotics.ethz.ch/~asl-datasets/iros_2017_voxblox/data.bag
wget http://robotics.ethz.ch/~asl-datasets/iros_2017_voxblox/voxblox_cow_extras.zip
```
2. Set the bag file path in the launch files `./voxblox_ros/launch/voxfield_launch/cow_voxfield.launch` to the path storing the Cow & Lady bag file.
3. Run Voxfield mapping on the Cow & Lady dataset:
```
roslaunch voxblox_ros cow_voxfield.launch
```
4. For the comparison with other methods (Voxblox, FIESTA, EDT), set the bag file path in the corresponding launch file and launch it. 
To change the mapping and visualization parameters such as voxel size, configure the file `./voxblox_ros/cfg/param/cow_param.launch`.

### Run on the KITTI dataset

### Run on the MaiCity dataset

### Run on your own dataset

### Used for path planning

## Acknowledgments
We thanks greatly for the authors of the following opensource projects: 

- [Voxblox](https://github.com/ethz-asl/voxblox) (underlying data structure, mesh reconstruction, visualization, comparison baseline)
- [FIESTA](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/FIESTA) (comparison baseline)
- [VDB-EDT](https://github.com/zhudelong/VDB-EDT) (comparison baseline)
